Sanyam
Vice President of SHEILD's much anticipated and innovative Startups Department. His portfolio includes heading the HR department of Climber and also being the core committee member in Venturesity and Triggr. It is known that you should never miss the chance of working with him. His innovation and dedication inside the organization are unparalleled.

Tarang
A wellrounded humorous guy, who's also into Dramatics and Theatre. He has worked for many startup's, and some of his stints include one year at Marketing with Beepweep, working with Climber as the head of Logistics and also in GGB in the PR team. We all know him as the Captain of our Financial team. A very hardworking and an important addition to our team. 

Nitya
Nitya is the President of SHEILD. A charismatic leader, who is good with people and fosters team building and bonding inside the organization. Her event handling skills are excellent. Approachable and admirable she stands as an apt leader of SHEILD. She is dedicated and acts s a strong backbone of the organization.

Sahil
Sahil Mahajan is the Vice President of the Public Relations and Sponsorships department of SHEILD. He is someone who knows how to get the job done. An amazing leader who brings out the best in his team. He has an amazing knowledge about the marketing department too, and can come up with marketing strategy for anything in minutes.

Aakash Varma
Meet our designated Designer and Techie. The Vice-President of Tech/Design, with great intuition and profound design sense. A great guy to work with, Well versed in Web Development and Photoshop, he has worked for multiple organisations and startups and has been paid for outsourcing a lot of work. As someone who has a lot of experience in dealing with startups, he's surely someone to have by your side. 

Chitwan
The Vice-President of University Relations for SHEILD. Nobody can navigate through the official channels like he does. His sheer dedication and hard work is an inspiration to all of us in the organization. He's a people person. He's compassionate, approachable and above all, very caring and communicative. He inspires everyone at SHEILD and lifts everyone's spirits. A priceless asset to the team. 

Dhruv
The person whose capabilities speak for itself. He is a modest, humble and the one person to reach out to when it comes to marketing. He is what you would call a marketing guru. This is clearly why he is now the VP of the marketing department in SHEILD. Experience leads to knowledge and his experience is not constrained just to SHEILD. He has worked and handled the marketing department of various organizations. He’s is handling the marketing department of Esquare and Triggr.

Navneet
He is the one person who’s always excited to learn new things. A wanapreneur at heart, he tries his level best to achieve all of his goals. One of the best people tha we have for event management as one can tell from the fact that he’s the VP of the events department in SHEILD. He can handle almost any crowd in an event with his great skills. Like every other person who works hard, Navneet also has his way of busting his stress and that’s through watching endless hours of sitcoms.

Beg Borrow Startup
Beg Borrow Startup is an event where all the entrepreneurial skills of a participant will be put to a test through a series of fun startup related riddles and a selling and pitching round. 
In the first round, riddles are provided at the beginning which when solved send you to SHEILD members holding more riddles leading to the final round where the participants will meet a SHEILD member who will have a series of products with him. Each product will have a fixed cost and the participants who reach first get to choose the product they have to sell. The participants have to post a picture of themselves with the product on SHEILD VIT’s facebook page. They will then have to sell it to a jury which will reward money to the participant according to their sales pitch.
The final score was the difference between the cost price and selling price of the product multiplied by 30% of total likes on the facebook page.

IDEATHON
Ideathon is a 5 hour-long event conducted by BEAM in association with SHEILD. It aims at honing the participants convincing skills, creative thinking, presence of mind and problem solving skills. Mentors present will motivate and share their knowledge with the participants. The participant will be challenged by a quiz about real time problems and relatable examples. They will then have to pitch their idea to the judges in a way that they find it convincing enough to take the idea under their mentorship. Our team will then provide each team with a crisis and they would be required to come up with a solution on the spot.
The objective of this event is to bring out creative ideas from young minds to solve current problems in biotechnology.

Prototype
It’s a 2 day long event which focuses on the team building aspect of a start-up and the networking skills required to build the near perfect team that every startup needs to boost to top of the market, the event also emphasizes on one of the most important phase - Prototype phase.
The rounds of the event aim to refine an array of skillsets of the participants from their networking skills, to development of a business inclined mindset and to the two most important aspects required in the field of entrepreneurship-Perseverance and Presentation. 

Startup Street
VIT played host to one of the most successful events of all time. STARTUP STREET 2.0.
It was a platform for many aspiring entrepreneurs to learn more about the same and also showcase their skillset in the same field. The previous year, STARTUP STREET was held the previous year and was a huge success which was what led to the revamped and glitch free version: STARTUP STREET 2.0. The previous time, an opportunity was given to schools and startups from all over India to pitch their product/service in front of investors after being mentored. Seeing the potential in the raw ideas that were coming in, they decided to develop and work on them through other events such as prototype. This experience lasted 3 days and not for a moment was even a single participant bored. The first 2 days included about six workshops taken by tycoons in the field of startups. The workshops dealt with various aspects of entrepreneurship such as idea discovery, customer validation, MVP and product development, growth and distribution, international and establishment and exit and IPO after which on the last day, the participants were given a chance to implement their nouvelle gained knowledge where they pitched in front of different investors to seal themselves a deal!
